[ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: So you could write
your own service worker codes,
but we've actually got a few
libraries that can help you out
with this stuff.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
So I think when you start
writing some Service Worker
stuff, you end up writing
a lot of boilerplate,
to a certain extent.
There's common patterns that
I think everyone wants to do.
The first one is everyone will
have just static assets they're
going to want to cache.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah, stuff that
might make up an application
shell, stuff that might be
just images and CSS and icons
and so on.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah,
things like logos
are a great example
where you'd probably
want to cache them up front
because they rarely change
and you've got solid
control over them
and they're just always there.
So for the first thing
for the precaching step,
there is Service
Worker precache.
And basically what that
is is it's a runtime step.
And all it does is you can
basically do one of two things.
Well, no, you can do
two things with it.
One of them is just glob for
a sentence that it follows.
You pass in a path, and then
you can basically say a regex
of what I want-- anything in
these directories that ends
in .js, HTML, CSS,
or whatever you want.
And that is just, it will go
find them, and it saves them.
But it also does
far revisioning.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah,
so changes to your
build process will also
update your Service
Workers so you don't
have to take care of file
revisioning yourself.
SPEAKER 2: Exactly.
And the nice thing with
Service Worker precache
is it's super efficient.
So normally, like
when I first wrote
my Service Worker, what I
ended up doing was just saying,
delete the entire cache
and create a new cache
with almost all of
the same assets,
apart from one that had changed.
So Service Worker
precache will only
update that one that is
old and needs updating.
Super cool.
SPEAKER 1: And it's got good
best practices built in,
works really well on its own.
But also if you're using gulp
or grunt or whatever have you,
it plays well with
those as well.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah, exactly,
because it's just
a node module.
The other thing
that it does is you
can say, for this endpoint--
so you might say from the home
page-- you can also
say it's built up
of these individual
files, so templates.
That's also super nice
because, again, it
will cache the home
page, but it won't
change until it's updated.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah.
And Service Worker precache
uses a cache-first approach
to tackling things, so you
always get your assets really,
really fast.
SPEAKER 2: Yes, so Service
Worker precache acts
under the assumption
that basically,
once you cache something,
you'll only ever get it
from the cache.
That's it.
Until you do a new build, you
release a new Service Worker,
then it'll get updated.
SPEAKER 1: But it's
configurable enough
to allow you to
go and switch that
up to network first or another
strategy if you wanted to.
SPEAKER 2: Super cool.
The one thing that I would
say everyone should check out
is an option called
handle fetch,
which is an option
on sw-precache.
And basically, while you're
developing, if you set it
to false, you're
basically saying,
build me a Service Worker,
but just skip the fetch event.
And what that means is
while you're developing,
nothing's going through the
Service Worker, which sounds
kind of counter-intuitive.
But once you've set up
precache and it works,
you really don't want to be
using Service Worker at all.
You just want it to skip,
and then you check it
at another later stage.
So that's awesome.
SPEAKER 1: Cool.
So we've talked about
the build time helper
for dealing with your
shell, your static assets.
What about runtime
and dynamic content?
SPEAKER 2: So that's
where you have Toolbox.
And what Toolbox is, is you
basically define a path.
So it can be like an
express style route
or it can be a regex.
And then you either pass
in a caching function
that Toolbox has or you
pass in your own callback.
And basically what that allows
you to do is things like this.
So you'd go Toolbox.router.get.
You'd pass in a
regex, so in this case
I'm going to say forward slash.
And you might find home screen
equals true is query parameter.
And for that, I want you
to do toolbox.fastest.
And in this case,
toolbox.fastest,
is try the network
and try the cache.
And then whichever
one returns first,
give that to the browser.
And the nice thing
with it is the network
will, once it's come back,
will be stored into the cache.
SPEAKER 1: So it's good for
large or infrequently used
resources.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah, exactly.
And Toolbox comes with a ton
of different caching mechanisms
out of the box,
NetworkFirst, CacheFirst,
Fastest [INAUDIBLE].
There's a whole ton of them.
But it's entirely geared
towards just runtime caching.
And it's kind of nice
because you end up
saying, for this path, do
this thing-- for this path
do this thing, which you end
up writing in your own Service
Worker if you just did
it all yourself anyway.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah.
I've heard a few people say
that Service Worker involves
a lot of boilerplate or
it takes longer to learn.
That wasn't my
experience personally.
But using precache
and Toolbox, I
found that, a lot of the
time, it takes less than 20
or 30 minutes to
get things set up.
It's usually pretty nice.
SPEAKER 2: I wrote my Service
Worker for my site on my own.
It ended up with a couple of
random weird little issues.
But it was useful for learning.
But afterwards, I realized that
I could replace pretty much all
of it with like six
lines of Toolbox code,
which is kind of depressing.
But at the same time,
it's kind of reassuring
that it's vaguely
on the right path.
So yeah, I'd say
people should just
check out and give it a go.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah, it'll
definitely save you time.
Check out sw-toolbox,
sw-precache
and follow the links.
We've also got code labs
coming up about these tools.
So check those out as well.
SPEAKER 2: And hit any issues,
then raise them on [INAUDIBLE].
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING]